[Music]
Hey, hey,
hey.
[Music]
We
love See the
stars out the
window in the living room.
We dismay.
[Music]
Bonnie, I've been trying to escape from
this stupid [__] I
[Music]
call
you
[Music]
under my
[__] up at school again. Just want to
talk to you. It's been practice,
practice, practice for the recital
coming up, but I'd
[Music]
rais
Bunny Bunning.
[Music]
You said we'd be best friends, but
you'reuck'll be all right.
[Music]
Okay, song's
over. Nice.
Did you
[Music]
ever
scared this feeling
right while I
who am I?
My favorite thing about this part of the
song
is everyone was like, "Oh my god,
Midwest emo." And
like I made this part after I listened
to way too much Bruce
Springsteen. Kind of very far from
Midwest
Emo. Should should Bruce Springsteen get
on the Midwest emo [__] though? Could
you imagine?
[Music]
It is not Midwest emo. I think it's
categorized as I'm on rate your music
though. Let me look. Everyone's
lying. Bruce Reese would make the
craziest Midwest emo. You and he would
he would he would [__] kill
it. Let's
see. It's classified as a emo pop on the
single page, but how about the album
tags? What's
there? Bruce Springsteen's the goat, by
the
way. Bruce Springsteen was the first
concert I ever went to. I was 9 years
old. Why is Why does Bonnie have the new
wave tag in the album tags? Um, can we
can we get an instant replay of this?
Why does Bonnie have the uh Why does
Bonnie have new wave tag
that
Sorry. What's new about this?
That's a question I have.
Um, I was like, "What the [__] Future
base. Why is that? Why was that even a
suggestion?" I was like, "Cuz it was
probably just an album
tag." No, a genuine question. Why is the
Why is the new wave tag here?
Like no one voted against it. Joke
voters maybe. No, this looks
serious. It's definitely not New Wave.
Anyway,
uh Bruce Springsteen is
uh was my first concert ever. Um I
didn't know how concerts worked yet. And
um we were making signs for like song
requests cuz what people would do is
people probably still do this. Um
uh people like hold up signs like play
this song, play this song. Um
and my dad was like, "Oh my goodness,
what song do you want him to play? What
should we put on the sign?" I was like,
"Born to run." It's like, "I don't think
we need to put that on the sign.
I think he's going to play Born B born
to run whether you like it or
not. Someone voted shoe gaze on uh fish
whisper. I mean actually that's
technically
accurate. Um Fish Whisper has shoe gaze
elements to it, but it would have to be
like an inspiration. It can't be
like there's no way it's primary. That's
my thing.
Yeah, Fisher
has Oh, yeah. Uh, shoe gaze elements,
but it's just not the
genre. Spotify has Craig Flow listed as
shoe gaze. Yeah, Craig Flow is shoe
gaze. It's like noise rock first and
shoe gaze
second. Cricflow is absolutely not
Prague primary.
things like carry and child and hush
would be I think I mean hush doesn't
even hush is like progressive but it's
not like rock fully
uh I think at most hush has the
postgrunge stuff at the end and it's
like the main rock
element genres are weird
man bloody Creek flow you know what's
funny is one of the first songs I made
for the album, but I didn't finish it
until like the very
end. The [__] are Pony Rock and Caring
Child on the same album? Um to to like
[__] with people
mainly.
Um literally like since the start of the
like being Violet
Pony, I wanted to like do every style of
music that I could get my hooves
on. I think I've really at this point of
my discoraphy
really delivered on that promise for the
most
part. I've enjoyed literally making
everything that I can, everything that I
feel like it. Some stuff I'm not like
super drawn to, but
like it takes a lot of like studying.
Like I'll spend a lot of time learning
what the history of different styles are
and like what makes the that [__] tick
and everything. Some interesting things
you haven't done
yet. Um, good
question. I want to do country music,
like proper real country music.
Um, not like poser beer truck country,
like just real country
music. I've done some some tests for
that. Nothing definitive
yet. Uh, private question. Are you
plural?
[Music]
Um, I I've had a lot of talks with my
therapist about this concept. Um, we
weren't able to get anything uh pinned
down all the way. Uh, and now I'm
between therapists right now, so I don't
have uh I haven't gotten like a full
diagnosis yet. So, I don't really know
how to answer that question.
[Music]
Um, I can say
that it has a it is a very difficult
thing to answer, I think, cuz there's a
lot of nuances and a lot of
like I think uh Creek Flow is
real and I can feel
um sort of
when the thing that I call myself is not
fully
uh interfacing with
everything. Hard to explain. I don't
quite know what it is. I don't really
care. I just I just know how I how it
works for me. So,
um so I don't know how to answer that
question. Maybe I'll have a better
answer someday. Maybe I won't.
Um, but reality is such an interesting
uh thing because of how everything
manifests entirely
through your brain firing synapses and
you can't really prove anything exists
outside of your conscious experience.
So, it's always fun to toy around with
what reality actually is.
Um, so how about that new Fortnite
season? It's [__] ass, by the
way. New Fortnite [__]
Listen, I
love I love Star Wars and I hate Star
Wars. I can't I've I've said this like a
trillion times this past week. I'm a
huge Star Wars fan and also the biggest
Star Wars hater at the exact same time.
Does anyone understand what I mean? Like
Star Wars conceptually and like in
little bits is like really nice and fun
and then like the moment I like think
too much or the moment I like engage too
much with it, I'm like actually this
[__] sucks and everyone who likes
this sucks and like everything [__]
sucks. Uh I like like Star Wars and I
also hate Star Wars. That said, this
[__] Star Wars [__] like Star Wars
fans out here like trying to like
commandeer
Fortnite. So, it's annoying as
[__] Yeah. Good thing the season's only
a month long. I heard that the the
blasters were only going to be for one
day, but in case they aren't, just so
everyone knows, they replaced all the
guns in Fortnite with like Star Wars
blasters, and they all [__] suck, and
they none of them have ammo, and they're
like ass, and like the sound design is
like [__] up for
it. They're like really unsatisfying to
use. Um, I don't know how you [__] it up
how much, but you they did
and I care about Fortnite, so it's like
kind of
whatever. Didn't they remove some of the
parkour for some reason? I didn't feel
that, but maybe they did. I have no
idea. I hope they
didn't. The Stormtrooper experience. No,
because the Stormtroopers can like
actually kill
you if you're like not paying attention,
which sometimes I'm not paying
attention. So, [__] this Fortnite
season. [__] Star Wars fans. As someone
who likes Star
Wars, [__] Star Wars fans desperate
for attention, they're like, "You you
you ate my only food. Now I'm going to
starve." And they have like 300 movies,
like 500 video games. They have like
every [__] toy aisle is lined with
Star Wars [__] There's [__] They're
at the at the flow mall at the carousel
mall. um where the carousel is, like the
actual carousel down in uh uh Beaver,
not
Beaverton, Happy
Valley. Um the Clack of uh Town Center
Mall. Uh there's a [__] store called
like the Star Wars store where it's just
an entire store dedicated to like Star
Wars um uh uh what are they called?
Funko Pops. I'm not kidding. Look,
Google it. Clock of US Town Center Star
Wars store. Take five seconds to look at
it. I mean, I could pull it up, but I
don't. I'm kind of
scared. Let me do it this
time. [__] Star Wars storm. [__]
the [__]
Why? It's It's real.
This place is
real. At the Clack of Town Center Mall
where the carousel
is, there's this [__] place called
the Star Wars store and it's literally
just a [__] Star Wars Funko Pop world
with like other [__] Disney and
Marvel [__] or whatever. It's like
complete garbage. Star Wars fans are not
starved. They should be maybe
starved. What are these reviews? Do I
want to
know? Some of the coolest and most rare
Funkos I've ever seen. This place is a
joke in
Opra. Super cool little store. And
there's just a [__] big ass jar. Like
what? What?
What? Sludge
shop 3.9 is kind of bad for Google
reviews. If it's a store, sure. Yeah.
Just
like Star Wars fans, why do they get to
have everything they want ever and still
complain? I don't
understand. If Cardi fans had this type
of treatment, the entire universe is
for I am
music. I am Star
Wars.
Anyway, that
[__] Anyway, do I know if I love pony
music?
Nope. It's not Paradise Valley.
No, I can't hear
it. Oh, is it
Showtime? I turn my volume like all the
way
up. I normally here for for
transparency.
I keep the volume knob on my audio
interface at the exact same position at
all times so I can get like a consistent
like monitoring thing for making music
and stuff. Rarely do I ever touch it. So
it's like I can't just like turn my
volume up without on a whim without like
having to go back and like be like,
"Okay, what was the original
volume? Can I spell guinea pig right?
wireless. The the Violet music guessing
really is just like fairy tales
simulator cuz it's like almost always
fairy tales music.
[Music]
friend. Why did I say
friendship? Why did I type friendship?
The absence of
friendship. I should know what this is.
I knew what it was for a second and now
I
forgot. That's just Oh, it's just fish.
Never mind.
We're already dozing. I don't have to
type the whole thing.
Thanks.
What is this? Carrying
[Music]
child.
Oh. Oh, you're right.
I hear it
now. I clicked on the wrong one.
Whatever. Rivers run
red. There's Paradise
Valley. Did Did everyone see that
there's a there there's an official
Untrue T-shirt
now? It was like a big deal. It was like
for the first time ever there's an
untrue t-shirt. That's it. That's like
that's the entire email that I received.
It's just there's an untrue t-shirt now.
Why did they remove him from his
place? So rude. Anyway, um speaking of
speaking of Band Camp,
um my sales are always like really good
on Band Camp Fridays and this last like
day was like Band Camp Friday. I think
this is like the most the the best like
Band Camp Friday I've had for for my
page. I'm thinking like I get enough
sales on the daily. Like there's a
consistent I get consistent sales like
every other day.
Um, and in my mind I'm
like I'm like good. I appreciate people
are like taking advantage of Band Campam
Friday and like they want to support me,
but in my mind I'm like I don't need it
that
badly. Um, I had this idea of next Band
Camp Friday announcing that it's Boycott
Violet Pony Friday. So everybody if they
wanted to buy my music on Band Camp for
Band Camp Friday, they don't buy my
music on Band Camp for Band Camp Friday.
And my idea was instead I would put down
an album that I thought everyone else
should buy.
Um I was it was three things. It would
be
um you would buy three things. One, an
album that I recommend. two, um, an a a
release from another pony musician,
maybe even like a ponies at Dawn like
compilation. Three, a random release
that they see in one of the editorials
or something like if you go on the Band
Camp main page and you see like the the
the sales and stuff. Oh, where where are
the live sale? Yeah, here we go. You
just like click on something random and
then that you're buying that now. Type
[__] And then so it's those three
things. album. I recommend a pony
release and a random editorial release
on Band Camp. And then as the final
thing for Boycott Violet Pony Friday,
everyone illegally downloads at least
one thing that I've
made. I thought maybe that would be a
cool idea because I really don't need
all the support that comes in on Band
Camp Friday. Like that could go towards
like other
people. Should should we should we do
that? Getting a whole bunch of
unsuspecting bronies to buy the lamb is
effigy. No, for for my for my
recommendation, I won't give something
that's impossible to get into for the
average
person. And for people who who who um
already illegally download my music,
just do it again. or maybe like share it
with someone who doesn't have my music,
help someone else illegally download my
music and spread the disease of Violet
Pony. But yeah, uh what are what are
what are we thinking? What are we
thinking? I'd love to do
this cuz I see all these sales though
like like God, you could all like put
that
into more underrepresented artists. like
I feel very decently represented this
stage of my of my project.
So seed the torrent to I don't know if
it would be possible to seed the torrent
all the way to to a good ratio depending
on like what you're getting but at least
seeding it to something
maybe. Oh someone No, no, no. Slow down.
Someone bought uh someone bought Poison
Dart
uh from the zoo. That was so based. They
only bought this song off the album. But
this is a really this is a really
[__] good album. That was that was so
bas. Oh, I got to I got to show what I
did. I did something bad.
[Music]
greatest love. That love I always want
to
have because I really love you. The
world just has to
know. I'll do anything for
you. There's nothing I want to do.
me with you. I always want to be
[Music]
My love is deep and true. I've been lost
if not with
you. So
no, if not for you and
me. I'll do anything for
you. There's
nothing with you. I always want to
[Music]
be. Heat. Heat.
I
see. I have to be around.
Why did it restart? That was so
[Music]
rude.
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
I have to say because this this reminds
me
[Music]
um this song Hollow Heart cuz this is
Hollow Heart mashed up with the hug
song. the snuggle song from Schnuffle
Bunny. Um, I'm reminded that my favorite
chord progression is
this cuz this this kind of has that
chord progression.
Like I I love this chord progression.
[Music]
I was like initially self-conscious at
how often I use this chord progression.
Um, but now I just embrace it. I'm just
like [__] lots of songs are made with
just the same chord progression. Who
[__] cares at this point? It's a
great chord progression. Um, I don't
know what the notation is for it. I just
know how to play
it. Um, Antony has this progression. uh
except it starts on the third chord or
on the fourth
chord and adds that chord afterwards. So
it has five. So normally I play it
starting
from but antony starts on this chord and
goes but also
Bonnie
oh
right did you ever read the letters I
sent that has that is that It's just a
different key, of course, but same uh
same progression kind
of. I'm trying to think what else. I uh
last night, pretending to be this
morning, I did
the that
song. This one.
Did you like it?
This has the same chord progression,
[Music]
too.
Wait, I forgot how to do this. Oh, I
think I I think I transposed it. There
was
[Music]
a same chord progression just it's
starting on that first one going up down
up
up down up.
same chord progression, just mixing
around the order and the voicing is a
little bit different. But
um what I'm cur I'm trying to remember
what other songs I've made use the same
chord progression. And what's funny is
like you don't really think about chord
progressions too much unless it's like
very very complex chord progression. You
you listen more to like the higher
harmonic aspects of
something.
Um I'm curious.
Oh, I think uh telephone uses that chord
progression.
[Music]
same chord progression. Does Does Crlow
have it? Let me
see. No, Craig Flow. Craig Flow just has
two chords, I think. Oh.
[Music]
[Applause]
No, no, this this main part doesn't uh
[Music]
Craig Flow is built off of two. Craig
Flow is built off of two
chords, which is I I don't know why.
Like Craig Flow is literally just these
two
chords. That's it.
Obviously, the chord isn't what makes
the song. It's like how it's
articulated, how it's voiced and stuff,
which is what's so cool about this like
thought exercise because you hear this
by itself. It's
like,
okay, it's like whatever. But then you
hear it articulated the way it goes
[Music]
here. It's the way you build in that
compression that that progression that
matters the
most.
Um well just as an example I'll play
telephone again really quickly.
[Music]
I think my heart
is already here.
[Music]
Same progression
as same progression as antinive.
[Music]
Same progression as well. I was just
there. Same progression as Bonnie.
[Music]
Dragon
Tamer, but you don't you don't like
compute that they're the same
progressions cuz they're like completely
different songs. So that's why I've like
resigned to like I don't [__] care if
I use the same chord progression a
million times. I'll use the same chord
progression a thousand times before I
let this company die.
Um yeah, it was a fun fun thing. Same as
the bass canon
choruses.
Uh B. Okay, bass cadence chord
progression is [__] up
because cuz like
[Music]
Maybe more than more than four chords on
this one. I
think there's this one uh Dead Mouse
song that actually just had one chord
for the entire song. It
was for this entire Dead Mouse song.
Only one chord plays. Oh, wait. It's the
wrong
version. Feel the wind is growing cold.
It's the same chord progression for the
entire song. It doesn't stop being on
this root note.
I open up the wall to disappear.
[Applause]
[Music]
the crash of the
It's amazing how much you can do with
one [__] chord.
It's not even really a chord either. The
whole Yeah, it's just
D. D for dead mouse. But like, it's
incredible what you can do with just one
[__]
note. Cuz most of that's just one note
aside from the
vocals. The main low end isn't is a D.
The guitar is playing a D.
everything else is supplying, you know,
adjacent harmonics and stuff. I think
it's super cool. I think it's super
neat. Dead Mouse is known for complex
chord progressions, too. Like, I was
just listening to
uh to this
[Music]
song. I love this chord progression so
much.
[Music]
I feel like Dead Mouse is making a
comeback. You know why? It's cuz he
stopped being a transphobic piece of
[__] and he like grew up.
Um, what else is
uh
HR8939 say? Did I get it right?
H8939. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. This
song ruined my life because this chord
progression is one of the most insane
chord progressions I've ever heard in my
[Music]
life. That is not the full version. This
is the full version.
[Music]
This This [__] is like one of
the one of the coolest chord progression
I've ever one of the coolest chord
progressions I've ever heard is this
song.
Like, how the [__] do you write this
[__]
dude? And he knows nothing about music
theory, too, which makes this even more
impressive. Super [__] under
underrated dead song, by the way. Like,
this is
amazing. Here we go.
[Music]
And then the little strings
here. Oh, what a good touch. Oh, what a
good
touch. Sorry. Are we Is this stream
going to turn into me just talking about
how much I love Dead Mouse? Like old
Dead Mouse? I haven't really liked any
of his music ever since like 2016, 2015,
but like his old
music was just like incredible. Um, one
of my favorite Dead Mouse tracks is uh
Slip. Like this this song is just
inhuman. Just there's so much crazy
syncopation and like sound design
here. Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Hey, Heat.
Like that's just that's just
amazing. Like the chords are great. The
rhythm is great. The syncupation is just
like oh feels so nice. But what's so
incredible is also taking that and like
putting it in like one of the most
incredible atmospheres ever. Like [__]
doesn't just sound like this. It's
amazing. Um, Sophie Needs a Letter is a
good Dead Mouse song, but the lyrics are
atrocious. The lyrics are like mega
hyper dog [__] But the song is
good. That one from good simulator. What
song did they make for good simulator? I
don't remember.
This
one. Is it
[Music]
this? I think I've heard this.
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't remember
this. That's
fun. I love that like sound in the
background. Yeah, that's cute.
Anyway, I have Dead Mouse base an album
I like
sometime cuz I've liked I liked all of
his albums until 2016 hit and I was
like, "Oh man, you did something
interesting." Okay, let's finish
this square one.
[Music]
Oh, that's fairy
tales.
What?
I
[Music]
Okay. Oh no,
roses. I got that from
[Music]
this. Redemption for not saying
friendship this
time. Nurture. No, not
nurture. Chameleia. Okay.
[Music]
It's um not on the seas. I was afraid.
Okay.
What? Oh my god. No, it wasn't. I was
afraid. It was uh Never Looking back. I
thought that was uh Chi-Chi for a second
for some reason. Same key. Is this in
the same key too? Coping. I
know. Pardon
[Music]
me. Working title for this was safe and
sound, but that's not what it's called.
I've forgotten. It's just sugar
bell. Oh, as strong as
horses going to mess with such a weird
thing,
man. Is that
a avarest
ephemeral? I can
spell. Nice.
Okay. Wait, I made safe sound. No, no,
no.
[Music]
Am I using a different mic? No, I just
have an audio mix for my mic now.
remember their
uh
what
what the diaries I
kept. No. Okay.
[Music]
Ow. Uh,
Eastward part two,
whatever. Uh, battle against the
banished sorcerer knight, Stinkle Bug.
Hello,
Dishy. We have to go
bald. We got to go
bald. Are you
ready? Why am
I Okay, we have to go bald.
[Music]
Um, I was saving my G bod for a really
dramatic
moment. That's good. Get
bouldering.
Okay, let's get gaming. Put this over
[Applause]
here. And then I say, what do I say? I
say, how's the new wide monitor trading?
I've I've gotten used to it. I might
stick with it.
I don't really notice the lack of uh
bigness in my monitor anymore, in my
full screen
anymore. Also, hey, I played Warcraft 3
for the first time in several years, and
I got my ass like handed to me by a
beginner bot, so I have training to
do, but I wanted to see what it was like
on ultra
wide. Sorry, don't worry about that.
Okay. Don't do that again. Yeah, I
won't. I won't. I
promise. [__]
Fortnite. Oh, you might see in my game
categories as well.
I [__] started playing the
Battlefield 4 campaign for fun for like
the seventh
[Music]
time. Okay. What What were we doing
here?
[Music]
We're already off to a really good
start. How are you?
[Music]
We're always on duty.
Farewell.
What is
What? Oh, it's not a mixer. I just like
added VST plugins and I mixed my voice
so my microphone uh operates properly.
What?
Nothing. I'm Bitnel, the cursebrer,
captain of the coral guard. What can I
do for you? Nothing. There are a lot of
fine looking women in Coral. Yeah, but
they're all kind of snoody and not very
nice. Okay.
I've heard they have good magic trainers
over at the M's Guild.
be seeing you.
[Music]
How are you?
Hey,
why did they call you hairy legs? What
do you want?
Coral's got plenty to eat and good thick
walls, and that suits me fine. I don't
know what's going on out there in the
woods, and I don't need
to. I understand the fighter guild. Back
to work for poor old Orgn. Hi. That
modern Orian has got no sense of humor.
Hell of a warrior, though. No wonder
he's done so well in the Fighter Guild.
I haven't really Hello, I'm Laith
Waverick, the Chief Herald and Countest
Valga's attendant. Welcome to Coral.
Hold on. I'm going to type something
really quickly. How to get to three
brothers.
[Music]
Wait, there's a
quest. No, this is a different
game. Is
it? Three
Brothers
Oblivion location.
The
sh Imperial City
Market. There it is. I didn't see it on
the
map. Sorry. I know. I'm just staring at
this guy.
The countest is in attendance. Proper
etiquette is expected.
He's spending time around him. Bye.
How do you do?
Hello. Welcome to Castle
Coral. It's a pleasure to meet you. I am
Countess Velga of
Coral. I wish I had time to chat, but
I'm afraid I'm in the middle of an
investigation.
Buy a house in town.
I'm sorry, but the investigation is a
secret, and I don't trust you enough to
discuss it with
you. I'm
listening. Don't waste your flattery on
me. Gracious, what a
hero. You think that's funny?
You've got a point.
How nice. It's just what I wanted.
That's very good. I don't know what what
what I don't know what that that is. You
seem the trusting type. Perhaps you can
assist me. It seems someone has taken
away an heirloom that is quite dear to
me. I want you to help me recover a
stolen painting. The painting was of my
lost love, the Count Velga, and it has
been stolen from my bed chamber. If you
find the painting and bring the culprit
to justice, you shall be justly
rewarded. What say
you? Very well. I suggest you begin to
gather clues. And I warn you, do not
accuse the wrong person, or I should be
quite cross with you. Here are some
keys. They should allow you access to
many of the restricted areas in Castle
[Music]
Coral. We're a mountain people, tough,
independent. County Coral is rich in
mines and timber, wool and mutton, and
hardworking people.
I want to go there. Accuse.
As the head of the elder council, High
Chancellor Okato is the de facto ruler
of the empire for the time
being. Your best bet is to speak to
residents of the castle. Once you have
found out all you can, search for
physical
[Music]
clues. Melona Umbox is better off
without that irresponsible husband of
hers. The most honorable thing he ever
did was to disappear and leave her
alone.
Okay.
The painting is all I have left that
reminds me of the count. I spend many a
lonely night wishing that the words I
speak to it will be heard and not just
fall upon the lifeless pigments and
canvas.
Okay. Good luck, investigator.
Not my name. So, you a living statue or
are you going to say something?
High hairy legs.
I It was a fine portrait of a fine
man. Who do you think you are
questioning me? I'd just assume ask a
goblin maiden to a dance than to answer
your stupid
[Music]
questions. Oh, it's Vga's errand boy.
How goes the big important
investigation?
This better be
good. Not now, not later, not ever. Oh,
what a dumb
joke. Whatever you want. Really? Inter.
What a waste of
time. So, the count has hired you to
find the painting, eh? Well, you'll not
find it by gawking at
me. Who do you think you are?
Oh,
okay. How do I do say what you're going
to say?
[Music]
Is this literally just like RNG or is it
It's showing me
colors. Obviously, red seems maybe the
worst. Oh, wait. Here's face changes.
I accept. I have no
choice. Oh, I understand. What a great
story.
[Music]
What a dumb joke.
He likes this.
[__] Don't waste your flattery on me.
So I can't I can't
[Music]
like I don't talk such
rot. That's just not funny.
Yes. Yes. What a great story. Sorry.
Who do you think you
So I can't just like play? Oh,
this better be good.
Who do you think the
[Music]
[__] Okay.
I like gave him money.
Yes, my duties rely on watching no more
than the throne and attending to
visitors. But confidentially, I will say
that Ordnoff has been acting a bit
unusual. His abuse of drink has gotten
worse lately. He has taken to asking for
money from others to purchase spirits. A
porter's wage does not befit his
[Music]
habit. Fairly well.
Oh, we're here to
help. He's captain of the Coral Guard.
During the day, you can usually find him
on patrol with us around the city.
The Fighter Guild is recruiting again.
Be seeing you.
Where did he go?
More. We're here to serve.
I thought you said we're here to starve.
We're all talking about the Emperor's
murder. Goodbye.
Where did Scrunculus
go? Sir Google V. Where was he?
[Music]
the south
tower.
Wow. A piece of history right here.
[Music]
This is one of the ones they hit.
Ma male living
space like if you if you
want crab meat. Sorry that says ham, but
I thought it said him. Like oh there he
is. Oops.
Oh, I [__] love this
[Music]
game. What? What?
What? What happened? Where did it go? I
didn't take it.
[Music]
Surely. Nope. It's just
gone. Oh joy. Oh
joy. We have to find that
guy. There. Oh, it's VGA's
errand. Who do you think you are?
Hold on. I'm going
to Wait.
Look me in the eye when you answered.
Then get away from me and back to work.
Oh, who do you [__] Maybe I got to ask
more people. Hiding citizen. Don't call
me
that. Maybe I should go to his house.
his hairy house. North Tower. No, not a
chance. Well met.
I didn't meet you. No idea who you are.
How are you?
Who said that?
Den of the morning watch. And you
[Music]
too worth his house.
H I don't
know. I don't know.
[Music]
power glass.
There's so many painting things, that's
for
sure. Handsight.
[Music]
What?
How
hamburger? We're here to
Have you seen Valis Odal recently?
Spends all day in the tavern. Senses
boys
left. Be seeing you. What seems to Anvil
is all in an up. Good day.
Morning,
man. I'm thinking of heading over to
Renois to buy some books. Good day. Good
for you.
[Music]
Greetings, investigator.
Duty
called. I was with the countest all
evening. Didn't see a
thing. Anyone looking for work? Goodbye.
I hope the
investig Chanel and Orgnoff both reside
in the private quarters section. They
have been restricted to remain indoors,
so they should be easy to find. You may
also want to speak to Bitnel, the
captain of the guard. He can be found on
patrol in Coral or in the barracks.
Finally, I would try speaking to Ora
Groggoth, who is my steward. He resides
in the private quarter section as well.
If he isn't in the castle, he may be at
the Northern Goods and Trade buying food
to stock our
[Music]
ladder. I was elsewhere at the time of
the rob. The only other people who have
had access to the chamber and were
unaccounted for are the court mage
Chanel and the porter, Orgnolf. Don't
forget to check with Bitnel, the captain
of the guard, my steward Groggoth, and
my herald Laith. Good luck
investigating. Where are we? Goodbye.
[Music]
Yes, fairly
well. So, that's two of them.
[Music]
Hey, I'm listening.
Greetings,
Kajit.
[Music]
What? They're like referring to my
character's race like up
front. What did you go in here for?
afternoon. Hey.
Oh, wait. It shows me. Uh, I didn't
[Music]
realize. Hello. Hello. Are you searching
for something?
Yeah. Guards hailing you by your race is
insane. Greetings, white
person. Not the person on screen. It was
just like ring chat. [__]
I'm sure you've heard that Gistl and
Mela's Anchoras are living together.
Simply shameful.
Sorry, what the [__] I'm sure you've
heard that GL and Menta's anchors are
living together. Simply
shameful. I'm sure you've heard that
Gistl and Mela's Anchoras are living
together. Simply shameful. What's
shameful? What are they? Gay? What's
going on? Glint. Glint. Glint. I'm sure
you've heard that Gistl and Mea's
Anchoras are living together. Simply
shameful. I'm sure you've heard that
Gistl and Mela's Anchoras are living
together. Simply
shameful. Okay. The stolen painting was
of Count Vulga. Whoever painted it could
not do the man justice. He was kind and
noble, which is difficult to convey on
canvas. I'm afraid other than that I
cannot offer much more information.
GL Angrish, I am sorry. I don't really
feel comfortable talking with you about
that night. I barely know
you. All
right. Don't make me laugh.
What if I make you laugh? Sure, that's
cute.
Don't be
silly. Don't. Please. I'm
sorry. What a
waste. I am sorry. Yes, I have heard
that the painting of the count was
taken. I was unaware she hired an
outsider to conduct the investigation.
May luck be with you.
We're simple, god-fearing folk here in
County Coral. Easterners worship their
wallets and their fat
[Music]
bellies. I
am
what? I am
sorry. Okay. How do I do the persuasion?
We'll
see. How do persuasion in
Oblivion? How do persuasion
First I believe
[Music]
I do not understand this. I should have
did the tutorial. Hold
on. Until you're Yeah, I know. Okay. So,
[Music]
help. Uh you can try to persuade them
increase their dispositions might
incline them to share more information
about their
tractors. Senator circles displayed is
that character's disposition represented
as a number between 0 and 100. Their
initial disposition is based on a
variety of factors including your
personality rate personality
race. Reputation faction affiliations
are how this person may feel about your
previous
actions. Use one action once. Put
anywhere you want. The prescription
attempt will only end once all four
actions have been selected.
Ashes raise loses depending on their
type of engage people always love an
action like one dislike one or hate one
[Music]
predict you can predict how they will
react to an action by looking at their
face just filled with one four wes more
wes there are the more impactful this
action will be oh I understand oh I
Understand? I understand now. Hello.
Okay.
I'm listening.
[Music]
Yes. Yes. Whatever you
say. Not bad. Blah blah. Was that
supposed to be a compliment?
[Music]
I am sorry. And I still don't. Yes.
Okay. I
understand. Yes. Yes. Whatever you say.
[Music]
Don't be silly. Yeah. Don't make me
laugh.
I am sorry. Still doesn't want to talk
until your return.
Okay. But I understand how it works now.
So, hello again. For everyone confused,
go ahead. Everyone, everyone always
reacts. This uh always has something
they like, they dislike, they love, and
they hate in this action wheel. Um, and
that is indicated by their face and the
colors. The wheel rotates clockwise
every time you pick something. You're
supposed to maximize when
like when a positive reaction is
enforced by the most amount of rings and
when a negative reaction is impacted by
the least amount of
rings. So like for example
uh in this case
um after I pick two actions boast is
going to be only one ring and boast is
the is the one that this person hates
the most. So, I'd probably pick boast as
my third action because it's going to
rotate clockwise twice by then.
So, coerc has three rings and they like
this. So, I'll pick that. Whatever you
want. And
[Music]
then I'll probably pick
like joke on this one. Not bad. Boast on
this one. I'm not buying that
one. That's right.
Exactly. I am until your return. It's
still not really helping very much.
The
[Music]
chair. I can't open this like turn.
Hello. A less rude song. Clearly not the
Bart song.
[Music]
Hey, don't Say that.
Hello. Afternoon. Hard to complain about
living in Coral. Got everything you
need.
What is it? I'm
waiting. I don't trust you enough to
reveal details about the castle to
you. This better be
[Music]
good. I like that a lot.
Don't I like you? That's just talk.
Handsome. Can't do better. I don't trust
you. He's seeing you.
All this
[Music]
money severe lack of braz. Hi
Greetings, Kajit.
Stone. My god.
[Music]
If we're not questioned,
How do you do? I don't do anything.
Resolations verse. Why?
[Music]
afternoon.
Is
[Music]
it?
Hail. What can I do for you?
I'm sorry I wasn't in that evening. I
was making my rounds of coral. The only
odd occurrence lately was with Channel.
I have seen her spending a lot of time
in the West Tower. When I asked her
about it, she said it involved her spell
research. I suppose at the time it
sounded good enough for
me. Take care.
[Music]
Okay, I did finish Red Dead to
you. I love that.
[Music]
I wanted to cry. I couldn't. But hey,
okay.
Anytime
now. Hi.
Oh, you're so amicable.
[Music]
There are like paint brushes in here and
everything.
[Music]
Hello.
Hey.
[Music]
Don't. Where exactly am I going?
Where am I?
[Music]
Hail. Hello
again. I am
s until your return.
I don't exactly know what I'm supposed
to be doing.
I hope the
investigation Good luck investigator.
[Music]
thing
is there's a bunch of painting [__] in
Chanel's room. Hello. What? What did I
do?
[Music]
Oh, there's a paintbrush and lathes
area,
too. I don't [__]
know. Greetings to you,
[Music]
Yes, fairly well. I
hope I was else the only don't forget to
check with Bitnell to the talked with
all them the painting I
spend Chanel and Orgnoff both reside and
you may also want to finally I would try
speaking to orac if he isn't in the
castle he may be at the northern good
luck investigating okay I've talked to
everyone
there I feel like it's Chanel
just in case.
Hello. Are you a How dare you accuse? I
am
sorry. Until your return. Okay.
[Music]
Hello. Do I have to get the painting
stuff from the thing or what?
[Applause]
[Music]
Hello.
This is so silly.
[Music]
[Applause]
I need to go to the west tower.
[Music]
So, okay. Okay. Does anyone know what
I'm supposed to do
here? I am
[Music]
asking. Do I just have to like somehow
improve
my friendship status with
[Music]
them? Just do something else.
Hello there. Don't
[Music]
say I out of absolute curiosity. I'm
looking this up. Uh
[Music]
Apparently, you just have to res them a
lot.
This is so
cruel. I just have to max my
risk. I could bribe them a [__] ton.
Yes. Don't say
[Music]
enjoying that wall.
Hello. Go
[Music]
ahead. Sure. That's cute.
I doubt you really mean
[Music]
that. I You're full of
it. Don't. Please. I'm sorry.
[Music]
Oh, I'm
[__] I blah blah blah. What a
bore. Good one.
[Music]
blah blah blah. What a
bore. Don't be
silly. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I get
[Music]
it. You're Was that supposed to be a
compliment? Yes, sure. That's cute.
The night that the painting was stolen,
I was in the courtyard of the castle
taking star readings. After a while, I
decided to go into the dining area just
off the great hall. I poured myself some
wine and studied the charts I had made
until it was time to sleep. From there,
I went directly to my chamber and slept
the rest of the
night. Trust me, I'm a kinesthetic
learner. If someone tells me something,
I'm like, "No idea what that means." If
someone shows me something, I'm like,
"No idea what that means." But if
someone gives me something and says do
it, I'm like, "Oh, I get it
now." Like reading something, hearing
something, looking at something, it
doesn't help. I have to actually do
something to get it
anyway until your return.
Okay, now I have to res Now I have to
riy up you again. I have to riy up hairy
legs. Oh,
it we'll see.
I accept I have no
choice. I don't talk s I wish I could
say
that. I'm with you. Who do you think you
are? This
[Music]
guy. Get back here. Oh.
Oh, wy you
[Music]
up. I wish I could say that.
Not no more. Sorry, I don't get
it. You think that's
funny? Don't
[Music]
remarkable. Really? What? What a dumb.
Whatever you want.
[Music]
Well done.
Whatever. I don't What a dumb joke.
[Music]
Don't waste your flattery on
me. That's just not
funny. Whatever you want.
You always don't waste your whatever you
want.
[Music]
I That's just stupid.
Don't try to manipulate me. I'm trying.
What a great story.
That's just what whatever you want
there. The night of the theft, I was in
the great hall having an argument with a
delivery boy from Braville. It seems his
horse lost its footing in the heavy rain
we had that night and the shipment of
port that it was carrying slipped to the
ground.
Oh, the fall broke most of the bottles.
He didn't want to claim responsibility,
but I gave him what for and sent him
away. After that, I spent the rest of
the night in my quarters
reading. Back to work for poor old
[Music]
Orgn. Why did he back away like that? I
hope. Good luck, investigator.
So, what do we know here?
[Music]
any luck yet? Hello
again. The stolen paint he was until
your return.
Now what do I do?
[Music]
Good to see you. I have to keep rising.
That's literally the answer.
Hello. Yes.
[Music]
Uh, whatever. Well, isn't that sweet of
you? Are you accusing me of taking the
painting? How dare you accuse
me? Huh?
Until your return. Hello
again. Are
you
How are you? Very
well. Say what you're going to say.
Oh,
[Music]
[__] Don't. Please. I'm sorry.
Yeah, I blah blah blah. What a bore.
Speed run. Not bad. Not bad. I accept.
Don't. You're
pathetic.
[Music]
Okay. Not whatever you
want. I don't make me
laugh. Don't. Please. I'm
sorry. Sure. You're a I doubt you really
mean that.
Not bad. Not You're a big I no more. I
know. Don't say that to me.
Not bad. I accept. I'm You're full of
it. I am. Maybe just a little bit. No
more. You're f sure. I'm not buying that
one. I how until your
hello. We'll
see. Until your return.
[Music]
What am I doing here? I hope
the good luck,
investigator.
[Music]
Any luck yet?
[Applause]
[Music]
Where are you going? Oh, it's bed time,
is
it? Oh, someone has to sleep.
Let's hear it.
Greetings.
you again. Yes.
[Music]
[Applause]
greetings, investigator.
[Music]
I I'm looking at a guide and I still
don't
[Music]
understand suspicious pains in the
carpet in the dining room. What dining
room and what route? She just stands
[Music]
here like what dining room are we
speaking of here?
[Music]
I I want to do this.
We need a guide to find a guide.
Yeah, I kind of knew the game would be
like this. So, it's really funny.
[Music]
Why won't it let me activate
it? Do I need something?
[Music]
It won't let
me. It won't let me do
anything.
[Music]
Sorry.
Haven't questioned everyone yet.
[Music]
It's alleging I haven't interacted with
everyone, but I don't know who I'm
missing.
[Music]
What can I do for you? I don't trust
you. Oh, okay. I forgot. I'm listening.
I have to raise this one. That's great.
How's it go again?
[Music]
Thank you. You can't. You're a big fat
liar. Okay.
That's great. Blah blah blah. Oh,
please.
I don't remember seeing Chanel or Ornoff
that entire evening. But then again, I
stayed in my quarters most of the night.
There was no point in going on my usual
walk with all the rain falling. As far
as Chanel and Ornoff go, they seemed
fine to me. I only had a minor scrape
with Ornoff recently. I caught him
drinking in the west tower on the upper
level. I told him if he didn't stop, I
would tell the countess. He just
grumbled and agreed. He hasn't bothered
me
since. Goodbye.
I did not read that.
[Music]
Okay,
I'm listening.
So now I need to find a paint stain
in a dining room
somewhere. Any luck
[Music]
yet? But I don't know what dining room
it's referring to.
I thought it said book of dankness. I
was like, let's go. Greetings, Kit.
[Music]
Don't. Well, I know where the painting
is. That one painting.
We can do that. I
suppose this is a side quest. It's like
the first quest I'm doing for some
reason. Okay, I've interacted with it. I
need to find a dining room. What dining
room?
[Music]
How goes it? It doesn't
How can I help you? Itchos. Itchos.
Itchos. Itchos.
[Music]
Guillotine. Yeah.
What am I doing here?
Dude, didn't you guys just go to Where?
Okay.
[Music]
Well, where is there a dining room?
Oh,
greetings,
[Music]
investigator, guys. I did it.
Any luck yet? So much luck, dude. Hello.
[Music]
Yes. Good one. You're a big fat dunk. I
accept. I have no
choice. Not whatever you want. Well,
you're full of
it. Please go on. Are you a Very well. I
confess to the crime, but please
understand, I only did it out of the
great love I had in my heart for Count
Vulga. It was I that painted that
portrait. When the count was lost, the
countest spent so much time with it that
I became jealous. I had to have the
painting back. So, I decided to steal
it, then hide it behind the painting in
my quarters. I'm ashamed of my crime,
but ready to face what fate has in store
for me.
I was careless to leave my art supplies
around the castle like I did. I suppose
I was easy to
discover. You have your
criminal. I am ashamed that I took the
painting, but my love for the count was
greater than you could imagine.
Okay. We've already I am undone.
[Music]
Okay.
Wait, when
is over here? Oh, you have returned from
your investigation, and I'm eager to
hear the results. Whom did you
accuse? I'm shocked to hear of Chanel's
crime, as she has always been such a
nice member of our court, but I see that
your evidence is without question.
She shall be banished from Castle Coral
and stripped of her duties. However, I
am not without pity and therefore she
shall not be jailed. But she is never to
set foot in Coral again. Congratulations
on a job well done. Okay. As a reward,
please accept this bounty of gold and
gems. You've earned it. I love golden
gems.
Farewell. What did I get? One flawed
pearl. $200.
Greetings. Anytime now.
Okay, I just did that for
$200.
[Music]
Sure. It is quite It's a matter of
trust. All right.
Such I won't. Not now. Not. That's just
not
funny. Such you w don't. That's just
stupid. I'm sorry,
but all right.
[Music]
My life is drab and wretched by
comparison.
Okay. Sorry.
That's
enough. Don't. That's just stupid for
me. Thanks. You gave it to me, but
that's all right.
[Music]
Great. I won't not. That's just not
funny. That's not bad. Sorry. I'm
looking for someone with a bit more
renown. If you suddenly become famous, I
would be glad to reconsider.
Okay. Farewell.
Go ahead.
Hello.
Okay, that was quest.
[Music]
They say syndicates of wizards have led
a boycott of Imperial goods in the land
of the Altma. The Altma have powerful
wizards.
This isn't Madden. Yes, it is. What do
you mean?
Hike, touchdown, etc. How do you do? I
don't do anything.
Crumbling
[Music]
vine. Where's the crumbling
mine? Is it here?
[Music]
crumbling
mine. What's
[Music]
that? Who's
there? What's that?
Take
that. What? What did I just pick up? I
didn't want that.
[Music]
How do
I I have no idea what I picked up.
[Music]
cat in iron armor. It is
true. I might have just picked up that
shovel.
presence here will not be tolerated.
Don't tell
Arya. Huntress, look away.
[Music]
That the best you can do.
Why was the dog harder to
[Music]
hit? Gulp.
I have too much
wine. Oh, I think I picked up the
shield. I don't need that, don't
I? Wait. Yeah, I
[Music]
don't. I wish it was like in Balders's
Gate where you could highlight all
interactable
items. We're going to do a Balders's
Gate run on this on this uh stream,
right?
[Music]
This isn't balter skate. No, it's
not. Btergate is a
turnbased, which is a rare sight for me
surely.
Balders's Gate, one of the few
turn-based games that is like actually
extremely fun to
me. Yeah, this is
[Music]
Madden.
Was this like it? Is there nothing else
here?
Oh, I just want to know what it's like
to play Boulders Skate with the wide
screen. The ultra wide. I
[Music]
mean, question mark exclamation point
question mark exclamation point. Hey
you. Hey you. Hey you.
Right.
Hi. What's the matter? Getting tired?
No.
Jump on my sword while you can.
Okay.
[Music]
I've ascended. Let it be known.
What? Whoa. What was that?
[Music]
Wow. Clear.
Oh yeah.
[Music]
Where am I
going? I'm going home.
[Music]
There we go.
That was an exciting mine.
[Music]
So, I have to go there. Why did I think
I was
[Music]
Okay.
Well, if you are looking to buy a
horse, Bye.
[Music]
Hail.
I run the North Country Stables. Are you
interested in a horse? Yeah. There are
no finer chestnut horses to be found
anywhere in Citadel. They are not as
hardy as most, but only the black horse
is faster.
[Music]
Too bad. You won't find a better
chestnut horse anywhere in
Siridil. Good day. I run the North. Go
ahead. I don't make me
laugh. It's Where'd you get that? That's
good.
Don't make me Where'd you get that?
That's good.
[Music]
That's I like blood. I doubt
it. All right, I get
it. But there are
no but a
pit. Go ahead.
[Music]
I doubt. That's great. It's good if
don't make me laugh for me.
Thanks. Blow. I doubt that's good of you
to say that works for me. There are
no but a pit. Goodbye.
No horse discount for
[Music]
me. Guess we're going on a
hoof. The manual way.
[Music]
Uh, I'm so mad I couldn't find um
Is this the entire map? By the
way, I'm so mad I couldn't
[Music]
find three brothers.
Three brothers.
[Music]
[__]
Bro had the
golf. What's
this? You're fine.
[Music]
Ah!
Hello. [__]
Yeah, boy.
[__] Okay.
[Music]
The onion gives me water breathing.
I need to eat more onions.
[Music]
Hello. My apparel is broken.
Where did that come from?
Oh, hi
[Music]
Whoa. Ow.
I need to be better at this game.
[Music]
Okay. Whoa.
Oh. Ah.
[Music]
Iron bar
steel. That's two. And that's
two. One's
heavy. Okay. I got
steel. I
[Music]
I'm not overthinking this, right? This
is just like a
dungeon. Purpose of this is
just not deeper than being a
[Music]
dungeon. Ooh, okay.
Oh. Whoa.
[Music]
Whoa.
Clearly. Whoa.
Whoa. What are you?
Whoa.
[Music]
Oh. I do no damage to it.
Whoa.
[Music]
Unfortunate. I don't really know how to
counteract that right now.
I'm just going to piss off for now.
[Music]
This is FNAF World 2. Yeah.
Yeah.
[Music]
I want to go to Three
Brothers. Everyone [__] shops there.
[Music]
And I don't want to go to the wind cave
right now. I'm going to be completely
honest with
you. Not really a wind cave type of gal
right now. Not really a fan.
[Music]
Yeah. Ah,
good afternoon. Be gone, stranger. I
have business with Kinarath Shrine, and
I will not be disturbed.
I'm disturbed? Well, it's no problem
traveling from the Imperial City to
Lewin. If you're a wizard and can walk
on water, I'd stay off the roads,
though. You too.
[Music]
Okay. Wow.
I thought that was a
weed for me.
[Music]
Yeah.
Ah, don't sit on it.
You're done.
[Music]
I don't really know what I'm leveling.
Hop on tiddly wings.
Why' that thing have gold?
[Music]
Um, they
work. The game of the year is Tiddly
Wink.
Hello. Who's there?
I don't know. Ah.
[Music]
Okay.
enemies in my
nearby. What
enemies? The deer do not count as
enemies.
[Music]
I see a
bear. Can we beef?
[Music]
What's good?
Um, what
what's your problem?
[Music]
I
Okay. They clearly don't know the titly
winks meta.
Oh, I didn't realize your health regens
automatically. Am I
stupid? Or is that new? Did I just
receive this ability? I hadn't really
been paying attention very
[Music]
much. I just be doing [__]
I should I should save my potions for
when I'm not in combat is a lesson to
learn. Let me take the weed. Oh, it
doesn't let
[Music]
me. Can you stop beefing with me?
Hul,
[Music]
why so much beefing with me this
evening?
I'm so
[Music]
interesting. Deadly winks meta.
No idea what that meant.
[Music]
Yeah, this is Madden football hike, etc.
Imagine sleeping 10 hours. Couldn't be
me.
[Music]
Okay, heat.
I accidentally took all the pumpkin.
[Music]
Yeah.
Wow.
[Music]
Wow. I think we should make a Somebody
touch a My spaghette trap remix. What do
you guys think?
[Music]
Everything is iron.
So everything is on higher.
[Music]
I pul
[Applause]
Oh,
[Music]
[__] Oh, let me
just let me just eat this really
quickly.
[Music]
Hold on. Let me just eat this really
quickly.
Got
him. Yeah.
[Applause]
Oh, come on.
What's it like out there? We were
beginning to fear we were the only
survivors. Brother Martin? Yes, he's
right over there. He led a group of us
here during the confusion of the attack.
We owe him our lives. He owes me $10.
Take care.
It's this. How did you get in here? What
are you doing here? You look
flabbergasted.
Martin. He's back there looking after
the other survivors.
Bye
[Music]
bye.
Have you brought help? We've been
trapped here since the Dra overran the
city. The emperor is dead. Who are you?
What do you really want with me?
Yes, I'm a priest. Do you need a priest?
I don't think I'll be much help to you.
I'm having trouble understanding the
gods right now. If all this is part of a
divine
plan, I'm not sure I want to have
anything to do with it. Skillshare.
If you came to me for help, you're more
of a fool than you look. Look around.
What good is a
priest? Emperor Uriel Septin. You think
the emperor is my father? No. You must
have the wrong man. I am a priest of
Akatosh. My father was a
farmer. You spoke to the emperor before
he died and he told you to find
me? I don't know. It's strange. I I
think you might actually be telling the
truth. What does this mean? What do you
want from me?
No, I'm sorry, but even if what you say
is true, I won't abandon these people to
their fate. I'll go with you when we can
all leave here together.
Okay. I'm
sorry. Be seeing you.
[Music]
Wait, the green
one. I just can't sleep. I lie down and
close my eyes, but I can't stop thinking
about it.
[Music]
I want parchment.
I killed everything that prevented me
from coming in.
It isn't that I don't believe you. We've
been through two. It isn't.
[Music]
We do not have mods installed. This is
on PlayStation, unfortunately.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Thank the nine. I never thought I'd see
another friendly face. The others taken,
they were taken to the
tower. Captain Matias sent us in to try
and close the gate. We were ambushed,
trapped, and picked off. I managed to
escape. The others are strewn across the
bridge. I'm getting out of
You're right. You're right. Like, all
right,
[Music]
leave. Okay, I'm going to stop here for
now. still kind of have no idea what I'm
doing.
But it's all fun in
games in hell or
[Music]
something. I get my
thing.
Okay. Thanks for fighting the worst
Fortnite season with us. Tune in next
week when we like
uh
[Music]
do the world's funniest
uh Thanksgiving parade in the middle of
May, which is what we're
doing. Thanks for uh streaming me.